feat(Kommander): project addon catalog (#2776)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/latest/projects/addon-catalog/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Addon Catalog
title: Addon Catalog
menuWeight: 8
excerpt: Deploy applications to your Kommander Projects
---

> Kommander includes the ability to deploy services from a catalog of current cloud native services with the push of a button. This helps organizations quickly deploy services to multiple clusters. Governance-based access to data services ensures roles and responsibilities are maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kommander can also deploy services from a catalog of current cloud native services with the push of a button. This helps organizations quickly deploy services to multiple clusters. Governance-based access to data services ensures roles and responsibilities are maintained.
```

> Kommander can be extended with new AddonRepository that point to git repositories containing application addons. For example, the kubeaddons-enterprise repo contains addons such as Jenkins and Kafka with specific settings for each cloud provider. Addons can be composed using either Helm V2 charts or KUDO operators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kommander can be extended with the `AddonRepository` resource that point to git repositories containing application addons. For example, the `kubeaddons-enterprise` repo contains addons such as Jenkins and Kafka with specific settings for each cloud provider. Addons can be composed using either Helm V2 charts or KUDO operators.
```

> Kommander can be extended with new AddonRepository that point to git repositories containing application addons. For example, the kubeaddons-enterprise repo contains addons such as Jenkins and Kafka with specific settings for each cloud provider. Addons can be composed using either Helm V2 charts or KUDO operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kommander can be extended with the new `AddonRepository` that points to git repositories containing application addons. For example, the kubeaddons-enterprise repo contains addons such as Jenkins and Kafka, with specific settings for each cloud provider. Addons can be composed using either Helm V2 charts or KUDO operators.
```

Reviewer 3: @brandonc would mention "platform services" here / add qualifier

> Example `AddonRepository` resource to add a new repository to your catalog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example `AddonRepository` resource to add a new repository to your catalog:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kubeaddons.mesosphere.io/v1beta1
kind: AddonRepository
metadata:
  name: kubeaddons-enterprise
  namespace: project-namespace
spec:
  priority: "20"
  ref: “stable-1.16”
  url: https://github.com/mesosphere/kubeaddons-enterprise
```

> To deploy an addon, select a Project from your Workspace and click the View Catalog button to browse the available addons from your configured repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy an addon, select a Project from your Workspace and select the **View Catalog** button to browse the available addons from your configured repositories.
```

> To customize an addon before deploying it, you may customize the helm chart values or KUDO parameters of a service before deploying it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize an addon before deploying it, you can customize the helm chart values or KUDO parameters of a service before deploying it.
```

![Deploy Platform Service](/ksphere/kommander/img/project-catalog-deploy.png)

> Once an addon is deployed in a project, the service is installed to all clusters in that project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After an addon is deployed in a project, the service is installed to all clusters in that project.
```
